# C Ampersand
C Ampersand is a programming language developed by Sahne Dünya for the Sahne64 ecosystem. What is Sahne64? Sahne64 is the most important API of Sahne Karnal architecture developed by Sahne Dünya. This API provides Kernel and Userspace communication. However, do not confuse it with the following When examining the source file of the C Ampersand programming language, do not misunderstand the function of the Header file related to Sahne64 because the main source file of Sahne64 is located in Sahne Karnal and Sahne Karnal was developed with the Rust programming language, while C Ampersand was developed with the classical C language. As you know, since Rust is not directly compatible with C, the C Header file related to Sahne64 is actually a source code that allows us to use the Sahne64 API in the C language, so these are not really the main source code of the Sahne64 API! In addition, each C software has its own unique Sahne64 Header source file. But it is not limited to just the Header file, as you know Sahne64 is normally written in Rust. A separate Sahne64 file is created to use Sahne64 in a programming language other than Rust, and these codes are specific to the software. But the main source file of Sahne64 is in Kernel which is in Sahne Karnal series, it is lower level, it can do more operations, it can serve more software, it is stored under a single standard! If you are developing software written with Rust for Sahne Karnal, you need to use Sahne64 specific functions, but you do not need to download the source file of Sahne64 library because it will be provided by the kernel. However, this does not eliminate the need for C Ampersand programming language. The main purpose of C Ampersand programming language is to be the main language of Sahne64 ecosystem, so what is the important role here. Normally, Sahne64 calling in Rust language is manual and there is a need to write lower level code and it is not used frequently by application developers and is generally preferred in operating system components using Sanla Karnal architecture! C Ampersand programming language makes it easier to develop applications for Sahne Karnal architecture operating systems and offers more abstraction layers.

# C Ampersand What is the difference between the programming languages ​​Rust and C/C++?
1. Memory management: In C/C++ language, memory is managed manually, in Rust programming language, it uses memory management that follows the principle of ownership and borrowing, in C Ampersand programming language, it uses automatic memory management that follows the principle of garbage collection, thanks to this, programming is easier but there are performance losses.
2. Based on: Classic C language is based on B programming language, C++ is based on Classic C language, Rust programming language is based on C/C++. C Ampersand is based on Rust and Classic C language.
3.Purpose of creation: The main purpose of the classical C language is to meet the need for system programming, the main purpose of the Rust language is to facilitate the development of secure, concurrent and high-performance systems. The main purpose of the C Ampersand language is to be the main programming language of the Sahne64 ecosystem.
4. Platform support: Classic C/C++ and Rust are completely platform independent, while C Ampersand is heavily dependent on Sahne64, which means that Sahne is heavily dependent on operating systems that use the Karnal architecture, meaning it is not platform independent.
5. Abstraction layer: C and Rust languages ​​are lower level as they are focused on system programming. C Ampersand is a higher level language as it is more focused on Application development!
